Java 8 recommendation [GEOS-9619] (#4428)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/production/java.rst

GeoServer is built and tested with Java 8 (Recommended), `supported up to 2026 <https://adoptopenjdk.net/support.html#roadmap>`_, and Java 11, `supported up to 2024 <https://adoptopenjdk.net/support.html#roadmap>`_. We recommend these long-term-support releases for production. Java has adopted development cycle with a release every six months containing experimental features. These releases are not tested with GeoServer and are not recommended for production.

For best performance we recommend the use *OpenJDK 8* (also known as JRE 1.8).

.. list-table:: Title
   :widths: 20, 10, 10, 10, 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Java Version
     - OpenJDK
     - Oracle
     - Sun
     - GeoServer Compatibility
   * - **Java 11**
     - tested
     - tested
     -
     - GeoServer 2.15.x and above
   * - **Java 8**
     - tested
     - tested
     -
     - GeoServer 2.9.x and above
   * - Java 7 
     - tested
     - tested
     -
     - GeoServer 2.6.x to 2.8.x
   * - Java 6 
     - 
     - tested
     -
     - GeoServer 2.3.x to 2.5.x
   * - Java 5 
     - 
     - 
     - tested

>      - GeoServer 2.2.x and earlier

Author: While I do not think anyone is working on Java 5 anymore this is much easier to read as a table

As of GeoServer 2.0, a Java Runtime Environment (JRE) is sufficient to run GeoServer.  GeoServer no longer requires installation of a complete Java Development Kit (JDK) with compiler.

Running on Java 8 (Recommended)

> -------------------------------

Author: Clear recommendation of Java 8, provides a summary of the options, and then a heading to explore each idea.

   * OpenJDK

     Since Open JDK is Open Source, the policy files are already installed.   

   * Oracle Java

     The policy files are available at `Java 8 JCE policy jars <http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jce8-download-2133166.html>`__.

     The download contains two files, **local_policy.jar** and  **US_export_policy.jar**. The default ersions of these two files are stored in :file:`JRE_HOME/lib/security`. Replace these two files with the versions from the download. 

   * IBM Java

     The policy files are available at `IBM JCE policy jars <https://www14.software.ibm.com/webapp/iwm/web/preLogin.do?source=jcesdk>`__. 

     An IBM ID is needed to log in. The installation is identical to Oracle.

#. Test if unlimited key length is available

   Start or restart GeoServer and login as administrator. The annotated warning should have disappeared.

   .. figure:: ../security/webadmin/images/unlimitedkey.png

#. Additionally, the GeoServer log file should contain the following line::

      "Strong cryptography is available"

.. note::

   The installing these policy files needs to be done for each update of the Java runtime. 

> Native JAI and ImageIO extensions (not recommended)

Author: Clear Java 8 subheading for Native JAI and ImageIO, and clearly not recommended.

I considered taking this section to the wiki and removing it from our day-to-day user manual.

You can install the native JAI manually if you encounter problems using the above installers, or if you wish to install the native JAI for more than one JDK/JRE.

Please refer to the `GeoTools page on JAI installation <http://docs.geotools.org/latest/userguide/build/install/jdk.html#java-extensions-optional>`_ for details.

Running on Java 11

> ------------------

Author: New heading for Java 11, provides a summary of options, this way it is very clear Java 11 works out of the box and does not have as many optional installs.

GeoServer is tested with Java 11 (LTS), with industry `support up to 2024 <https://adoptopenjdk.net/support.html#roadmap>`_. 

GeoServer 2.15 onward will run under Java 11 with no additional configuration on **Tomcat 9** or newer and **Jetty 9.4.12** or newer. Running GeoServer using Java 11 on other Application Servers may require some additional configuration as not all Application Servers support Java 11 yet.

* Java 11 already includes Marlin Renderer, although you may wish to consider installing a newer version

> * Java 11 includes Installing Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Java 11 includes the Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy Files, no need for a separate installation
```
